# Auto Click Bot by Image

> **Warning**
> This is a work in progress. Use at your own risk.

This project is a Python script for performing image recognition and clicking on the best match location. It uses the PyAutoGUI library to simulate mouse clicks and the OpenCV library for image recognition.



## Usage

> **Warning**
> This is Usage generated by AI (github copilot chat). May contain bugs and errors.

1. Install the required Python packages by running the following command in your terminal:

   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

2. Create a new folder called `target` in the same directory as the `main.py` file. This folder will be used to store the images and text files that the script will operate on.

3. Add the images and text files that you want the script to operate on to the `target` folder.

4. Open the `main.py` file in your preferred Python editor or IDE.

5. Run the `main()` function to execute the script. This will perform the following operations on the files in the `target` folder:

   - If the file has a `.png` extension, the script will simulate a mouse click on the image.
   - If the file has a `.bt` extension, the script will simulate typing the text in the file.
   - If the file has a `.bp` extension, the script will simulate pressing the key combination in the file.
   - If the file has a `.bs` extension, the script will simulate pressing the keyboard shortcut in the file.

   Note that the file names must follow a specific format in order for the script to recognize them. See the "File naming conventions" section below for more information.

6. After the script has finished executing, check the output in the terminal to see the results of the operations.

### File naming conventions

The script expects the files in the `target` folder to follow specific naming conventions in order to be recognized. The file names should be in the following format:

- For `.png` files: any name with a `.png` extension.
- For `.bt` files: `[order]_[text].bt`, where `[order]` is a number indicating the order in which the file should be processed, and `[text]` is the text to be typed.
- For `.bp` files: `[order]_[key combination].bp`, where `[order]` is a number indicating the order in which the file should be processed, and `[key combination]` is the key combination to be pressed (e.g. `ctrl+c`).
- For `.bs` files: `[order]_[shortcut].bs`, where `[order]` is a number indicating the order in which the file should be processed, and `[shortcut]` is the keyboard shortcut to be pressed (e.g. `ctrl+alt+delete`).


## Build

You can build the script into an executable file using PyInstaller:

```
pyinstaller --onefile main.py
```

The executable file will be in the `dist` folder.

## Next Steps

- [x] click on the target image
- [x] type, press key, and press shortcut
- [ ] create a GUI by [Eel](https://github.com/python-eel/Eel)
- [ ] add a feature to record the mouse and keyboard actions
- [ ] create a documentation
